Goodness. This is
incredibly well organized.
Good work!
Oh, wow, thank you so much, sir!
[TAKEDA]
Whoa!
Did you finish compiling
those documents already?
Yep, the chief even
complimented me!
That's fantastic!
I'm happy for you!
[FUTABA grumbles]
For the last time already,
I hate when you tousle my hair!
How many times
do I have to say it?
You always treat me like a
child, and it drives me crazy!
I don't care what you
think I look like.
I am a strong, independent,
grown-up woman!
[laughs]
[FUTABA]
I'll show you.
One day I'm gonna be
so good at this job
you'll have to rely on me
like a fellow adult!
So, you'd better watch
your back, you hear me?
[TAKEDA]
Was that a threat?
And what the heck are you
talking about, "one day"?
I feel like
I rely on you plenty.
[FUTABA]
Huh? Do you really?
Of course I do!
Your cooking is incredible!
That has nothing to do
with work, you doofus!
I have some
exciting news to share!
Thanks to Takeda, here,
we just landed a big
contract with a major client!
Let's give him a hand!
Aw, it was just a
matter of good timing,
I couldn't have done it
without you all!
Takeda's a pretty
impressive guy, huh?
Oh, yeah, he's cool.
And he always looks so imposing.
[HIJIKATA] Right? How does
a guy even get that buff?
[sighs]
He deserves this win;
he's been working so hard.
Hello there.
[FUTABA screams]
Mona, I am begging you
to stop sneaking up
on me like that!
[TSUKISHIRO]
Sorry.
Why were you smiling
to yourself just now?
[FUTABA]
Huh?
[TSUKISHIRO]
Something good happen?
[FUTABA]
Oh, well, Yeah!
Not to me, but Takeda
just landed a huge contract
with a new client.
I'm pretty excited for him.
[TSUKISHIRO]
Well, kudos!
Uh. Say what?
[TSUKISHIRO]
Not to you, to him.
That's a great accomplishment.
Yeah, you're right.
It really is!
And yet he still insists it was
just a matter of good timing.
Oh, how modest of him,
He's pretty amazing.
[FUTABA]
You have no idea!
He's amazingly amazing!
He really does
deserve all the credit.
So then, what exactly are you
so happy about, Igarashi?
[FUTABA]
Uh...
Oh, nothing, I guess it's just--
I'm happy on Takeda's behalf!
I mean,
he took me under his wing
basically the second
we met, so I'm just trying
to be supportive or
whatever! That's it!
[TSUKISHIRO]
Okay, so you respect him.
Huh? Or do you like him?
[FUTABA]
I feel like I'm still blushing.
Why did she have
to make it so weird?
Huh?
[FUTABA] Are you already
filling out onboarding paperwork
for that new client?
Yup.
[FUTABA]
Can I do anything to help?
I'm about done.
Thanks, though.
No problem.
[NATSUMI]
Ahh...
Sounds like he really
rocks at his job.
Yeah, only, when he does
everything himself like this,
it makes me feel kinda useless.
[NATSUMI]
Hmm...
So, you're lonely 'cause
he doesn't rely on you?
[FUTABA] Hmm? No!
That's not what I said, shut up!
It isn't like that.
[NATSUMI]
I'll see ya later.
[FUTABA]
Mm.
I've been working so hard
to become a
full-fledged salesperson,
but... I get the feeling that
Takeda still thinks of me
like I'm just another rookie.
[FUTABA] I wonder when
I'll finally be able
to stand on my own
two feet for real.
[FUTABA]
Is there a problem?
Looks like.
Client asked me to come
see 'em immediately.
[FUTABA] But you have
a presentation to give!
[sighs]
Guess I'll reschedule.
No, don't!
What if I gave it
for you instead?
[TAKEDA]
Hmm?
Let me give the
presentation for you.
I did help to
prepare it, after all.
Plus, we visit
this client all the time,
so I already know what
they're going to expect.
But you'll be alone, you sure?
I'm positive!
I'm counting on you.
You got it?
Ah! Yes!
I won't let you down!
Go get 'em, champ!
Good luck out there, Futaba!
Yeah, take care!
Thank you! Be back soon!
[FUTABA]
Don't worry! You can do it!
Takeda has taught you so much,
and he's always
been there for you.
So...
[FUTABA]
Now it's your turn to help him!
May I come in?
Hey! Yeah, I'm done!
I think it went really well!
They were pretty happy
with our proposal.
They said it's fine as-is!
[TAKEDA]
That's great!
You're a lifesaver, Igarashi.
Thank you!
Of course!
I'll be back soon!
[FUTABA]
I did it!
After a hard day's work,
this udon really hits the spot!
[laughter]
Ah, come on,
I doubt it was that funny.
[MAN B]
No, it was hilarious.
[FUTABA]
You know, it's been a long time
since I've gone out
to lunch by myself.
[MAN B] He kept saying,
"just one more bar, I swear!"
And we wound up
going to five more.
[MAN A] And you ended up...?
Yeah, that sounds like him.
[TAKEDA]
I'm back!
Hey, how'd it go--?
'Bout time you got back!
So is it true?
We heard you landed
a huge contract!
We should go out and celebrate!
[EMPLOYEE D] I know of
a really high-class place
that would be perfect!
Yeah, please come!
We've been dying
to hear the details!
Someone's popular with
the ladies all of a sudden.
Well, yeah. After landing that
insane contract with those guys,
he's the new office rock star.
[HIJIKATA]
Is that all it takes?
I'll land one twice as big
and then the ladies'll
come flocking to me!
[OOISHI]
Sure they will.
[FUTABA] What is this
feeling inside my chest?
[TAKEDA]
Hey, Igarashi. You good?
[FUTABA]
Hm?
Never better, why, what's up?
You just looked kinda out of it.
Uh. Well, I'm not, don't worry.
[TAKEDA]
Hmm?
Thanks for your help today!
Sure thing.
So, where's the
big party gonna be?
Huh?
Thought those women
were taking you to celebrate.
They asked but, no thanks.
[FUTABA]
Huh? Wait, why?
[TAKEDA]
Hmm...
Well, I enjoy going out
for a drink with coworkers,
but I'm not exactly
big on parties,
especially if they're
being thrown for me.
Uh... I'm amazed how shy
you can be sometimes.
Listen, if you're the
reason everyone wants
to celebrate in the first place,
you're basically required to go!
[TAKEDA]
Uh... I dunno.
You're an adult,
and it'll reflect poorly on you
if you skip just because
you're "not big on parties."
[FUTABA] And besides,
you said it yourself, remember?
This is everybody's win,
not just yours!
Never figured I'd hear
a lecture like that outta you.
You win!
I'll tell them I'm going.
So, uh, you wanna
be my plus one?
No, I think I'll
sit this one out.
It's your party!
Go let 'em make you the
center of attention for a while!
[TAKEDA]
Suit yourself.
[FUTABA] It's weird, I'm really
happy that all his hard work
is being recognized, but--
I don't want to see the
ladies fawning all over him.
We're ready when you are!
I didn't know there
would be this many of you!
[FUTABA]
Guess I'll head home.
This place is supposed
to have pretty good ramen.
It looks amazing!
[HIJIKATA]
That's great to hear!
I for one am very particular
about my ramen.
[OOISHI] I thought you
said it all tastes the same.
[HIJIKATA]
Shut yer face.
[YUTO]
Kurobe!
What a coincidence!
[NATSUMI]
You training?
[YUTO]
Uh-huh!
I run every day now!
Basketball club's hardcore,
I'm just trying to catch up.
If you're working this hard,
you must enjoy it.
[YUTO]
It's a lot of fun!
I'm not very good yet, but,
ugh, talking and running again.
you do that on purpose, right?
[NATSUMI]
Yep, helps your breathing.
Wanna walk?
Nope, I can do this!
No answer, welp.
Grandpa?
[FUTABA] I'm really in
the mood for a drink tonight,
but who wants to walk
into an izakaya all alone?
[WAITER]
Evenin'! How many?
Just me.
[WAITER] Come on in!
Grab a seat at the bar!
[FUTABA] I'm a full-fledged
salesperson now!
I got this!
Evening! Welcome!
How many in your party tonight?
Uh, one, I guess?
I'm actually here
by myself this time.
'S that okay?
[WAITER]
Yeah, no prob!
Counter's always open!
[EMPLOYEE AA]
Did she really say that?
[EMPLOYEE BB]
I'll do my very best, sir!
I'm looking forward to
working with all of you!
Back at ya', rookie!
Welcome to the fold!
[EMPLOYEE DD]
Cheers, bud!
I remember when
I was a new hire.
Seems like forever ago.
My name is Futaba Igarashi.
I'm starting here today.
It's nice to meet you all!
[SAKURAI]
Miss Igarashi?
I'm Touko Sakurai, Welcome!
Thank you, I really appreciate
that, Miss Sakurai.
If I may--
[FUTABA]
Yes?
Do you have any kind of
nickname I can call you?
Not really, why do you ask?
You're way too little and cute
to keep calling you
"Miss Igarashi"!
Miss Sakurai! Yes, I will
concede that I do indeed possess
somewhat childlike
physical features.
However!
Despite my stature
and status in this office,
you should keep in mind
that I'm an adult
member of society!
Thus, it is inappropriate
to treat me like a child!
Oh, well, may I just
call you "Futaba" then?
[FUTABA]
Did you hear a word I said?
I am of the opinion
that those forms of address
are far too casual for
someone you've just met,
so please refrain.
Miss Futaba,
where are you going?
I'm going to get a drink!
[FUTABA] I know I never really
hit a growth spurt, but come on!
Miss Sakurai with her
stupid perfect figure.
What the--?
Whoa.
This guy is huge!
Hey. Haven't seen you before.
[FUTABA]
Omigosh I'm so so sorry,
I should've been
paying more attention
to where I was going!
Nah, it's all good.
Don't sweat it!
You here to get a drink, too?
[FUTABA]
Uh, yes.
Which one?
[FUTABA]
Oshiruko.
[TAKEDA]
Okie doke.
It's my treat, Catch!
Thanks, I appreciate it,
[sighs]
[FUTABA]
So... Do you work in sales?
Yeah!
Had to visit a
client this morning,
so I'm a little late, I ran here
straight from their office,
so I am parched!
Uh-huh.
He seems like a pretty nice guy.
That's good, Oh, wait!
I should introduce myself!
By the way, today's my first--
[TAKEDA]
Oh, yeah,
d'you come here on a
field trip or something?
I do remember someone saying
some junior high students
would be visiting this week.
You're a wee little
thing, ain't cha?
But don't you worry.
Just eat a lot. You'll grow!
Your whole life's ahead of ya!
Bye, kid!
I gotta go meet the new guy
I'm supposed to be
showin' the ropes!
[TAKEDA]
Hey, Kazama!
I didn't know that
junior high tour
was this early in the week.
Huh? That's because it isn't.
What?
There was a girl walking around
who I swear was 13 or so.
Yeah, no, I think
she might've been--
[CHIEF]
Takeda!
May I speak with you?
Sure thing!
Be right there. Sorry.
Hold that thought, yeah?
[FUTABA]
Hey, I'm back.
[KAZAMA] Igarashi,
did you happen to run into--
What?
[KAZAMA]
Nothing. Sorry. Never mind.
[KAZAMA] Looks like he
screwed up big time.
What's the matter?
[TAKEDA]
Mornin', Chief.
Sorry, I'm late.
Oh, no problem at all,
but you'll need
to meet the new hire,
I've already had
her introduce herself.
Igarashi, come say hello!
Good morning! I'll be
working with you starting--
--Huh?
[CHIEF]
Oh! You two are acquainted?
You're a grown-up?
I thought you were a little kid!
Well, excuse me
for not being a mountain!
Not him. Not now.
[CHIEF]
I-I'm terribly sorry,
but you're already slated
to work together.
Takeda, do you have
any idea what's wrong here?
I might. A little bit.
In any case, I understand
you may not be thrilled
with this particular
partnership,
but, as long as
you're in this office,
he is your supervisor
and you his subordinate.
So let's try to get along, okay?
[TAKEDA] Hey, are... you still
mad at me for earlier?
Not as mad as I could be.
[FUTABA]
But, since we can't very well
get out of it at this point,
I look forward to working
together; I'll do my best.
[TAKEDA]
Yeah.
Same here, Igarashi.
[FUTABA] He's been annoying me
from the day we first met,
but we've been
together ever since.
[FUTABA]
Side by side, through so much.
[FUTABA cries]
Hey! What's a grade schooler
doin' at the bar?
I'm not a grade schooler,
you weirdo.
Nah, you don't need to be
by yerself in a place like this.
Where's yer momma at?
You mind if I park it here?
Uh, hey, I do, actually,
so please leave.
Ah, c'mon, don't be like that!
You're all alone and junk!
Ah, don't cry, little girl!
I'll stay right here with ya
till yer mom comes back.
[FUTABA]
Don't!
Huh?
Who're you?
[TAKEDA]
I'm her supervisor.
Huh? [gasps]
Has he been bothering you?
I'm so sorry for
the disturbance!
You can't go around
bothering people like that!
[TAKEDA sighs]
Gimme a draft!
[WAITER]
One draft beer, coming right up!
[FUTABA]
What's the deal?
I thought you were going
to that party tonight.
Yeah, I swung by.
Showed up, said a few words,
and took off.
You didn't feel bad
leaving early?
[TAKEDA]
Not really.
Once I got there,
I got to thinking a little.
And I decided, I'd rather
be here drinking with you.
[FUTABA]
Huh?
[FUTABA] Come on,
what are ya' talking about?
[TAKEDA laughs]
Unbelievable.
You're really puttin' 'em
away today, aren't ya'?
Well, it ain't my fault!
I blame you for being
so weird all the time!
[TAKEDA]
What? What'd I do?
[FUTABA grumbles]
[FUTABA]
I guess it's just,
sometimes I get
the feeling that--
[TAKEDA]
Huh? That what?
[FUTABA]
Oh, uh, n-never mind.
Look, I just realized
you must really like me,
and it's freaking me out!
Okay, Why did I start
to say that again?
[TAKEDA] I think a lot about
the first time we came here.
Well, I think about
every time we come here.
Sitting and drinking,
just the two of us.
What's gotten into you?
What's wrong?
Nothing is wrong!
I just mean compared
to back then,
Igarashi, you've grown a lot.
[FUTABA]
Well, that's all thanks to you.
I know I've put
you through a lot,
and I'm sure I was
a pretty sassy rookie.
But, not only did you
not let that get to you,
you went out of your way
to look after me,
and, I'm just grateful
for that, I guess.
[TAKEDA] That's the
beer talking, isn't it?
We might'a drank too much.
Yeah, we did.
[TAKEDA]
We were out for a while.
The trains are about
to stop running.
Sorry to keep you out so late.
[FUTABA]
Good, you should be!
I can't believe you'd keep
a lady out this late at night.
[laughs]
Ah, sue me, you're fun
to go drinking with!
Takeda, I went to visit a client
all by myself this afternoon.
You did?
I gave a whole presentation, and
wound up going to lunch alone.
Uh-huh?
Pretty soon, I'm gonna be
a full-fledged salesperson.
So, y'know, you can't expect me
to always be by your side, okay?
[TAKEDA]
Hey, listen.
What?
Not to get all
serious or anything.
But I just wanna say,
I don't know who'll be
with you later down the road,
but I'll be by your side
until you find them.
Okay?
That's the beer talking,
isn't it?
Yeah. Maybe a little.
Well, thanks for saying that.
Just make sure you
protect me until then, 'kay?
[FUTABA]
It's really coming down.
What's the matter?
[FUTABA]
I forgot my umbrella.
Oh.
Do you wanna share mine, then?
What? But I... I couldn't.
Come on, don't be shy.
[FUTABA] Sharing an umbrella,
I can't believe this.
Tell ya what, why don't I just
buy myself a new umbrella?
Where's a convenience store?
Nah, you don't have to
waste your money like that.
Mine is big enough
for both of us.
[FUTABA]
Y-Yeah, but--
You're getting wet.
Scoot on in here.
Nope! Nope! No!
[FUTABA]
You know something?
You really are annoying.